Update cron-jobs.md (#11512)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/cron-jobs.md

A CronJob is counted as missed if it has failed to be created at its scheduled time. For example, If `concurrencyPolicy` is set to `Forbid` and a CronJob was attempted to be scheduled when there was a previous schedule still running, then it would count as missed.

> For example, suppose a cron job is run to schedule every one minute, say it is set to start at exactly `08:30:00` and its

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, suppose a CronJob is set to schedule a new Job every one minute beginning at `08:30:00` and its
```

> `startingDeadlineSeconds` is not set, if the CronJob controller happens to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`startingDeadlineSeconds` field is not set. The default for this field is `100` seconds. If the CronJob controller happens to
```

> be down from `08:29:00` to `10:21:00`, the job will not start as the number of missed jobs which missed it's schedule is greater than 100.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
be down from `08:29:00` to `10:21:00`, the job will not start as the number of missed jobs which missed their schedule is greater than 100.
```

> For example, suppose a cron job is run to schedule every one minute, say it is set to start at exactly `08:30:00` and its

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To illustrate this concept further, suppose a CronJob is set to schedule a new Job every one minute beginning at `08:30:00`, and its
```

> `startingDeadlineSeconds` is set to 200 seconds, if the CronJob controller happens to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`startingDeadlineSeconds` is set to 200 seconds. If the CronJob controller happens to
```

> be down from `08:29:00` to `10:21:00`, the job will still start at 10:22:00. This happens as the controller now checks how many missed schedules happened in the last 200 seconds (ie, 3 missed schedules), rather than from the last scheduled time until now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be down for the same period as the previous example (`08:29:00` to `10:21:00`,) the Job will still start at 10:22:00. This happens as the controller now checks how many missed schedules happened in the last 200 seconds (ie, 3 missed schedules), rather than from the last scheduled time until now.
```

> be down from `08:29:00` to `10:21:00`, the job will still start at 10:22:00 as it checks how many missed schedules happen in last 200 seconds (that will come to 3 missed schedules), rather than from last scheduled time until now which happens when we do not set the `startingDeadlineSeconds`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
be down from `08:29:00` to `10:21:00`, the job will still start at 10:22:00. This happens as the controller now checks how many missed schedules happened in the last 200 seconds (ie, 3 missed schedules), rather than from the last scheduled time until now.
```
